the Blackrock ledger infamous and
shrouded in mystery but before I begin
allow me to place credit where it's due
when I first discovered page number
eight I was curious
so I did a search on the internet and I
came across forum posted on the Diablo 3
boards by Carey L thank you as that's
where I've gotten most of my information
so here's some of the information that
we know so far we know that there are
six Ledger's they are distributed in
random numbers or seemingly random
numbers of 4 8 15 16 23 and 42 we know
that the first letters of each of the
Ledger's when put together spells out
Dharma which makes it a clear reference
to love we know that these numbers have
mentioned significance and loss we know
that they're the numbers that Desmond
had to push every 108 minutes that the
numbers add up to 108 we know that those
numbers were assigned to certain people
and hatches sun-jin for walked a curly
15 sawyer 60 saya 23 and jack 42 we know
what the ledgers say so the first entry
entry for Dan I was thought that being
first mate would be more exciting I
guess I shouldn't expect much from a
mining expedition ever since we set off
from Kingsport all I've done is sit out
on deck and watched our deckhands argue
ledger entry number 8 haven't been able
to get much sleep these past few days
apparently my sea legs aren't as sturdy
as
baby I've dominated more times than I
can count
and every time captain Hanzo offers me
some ale I have to come up with some
excuse to decline ledger entry number 15
after three straight days of this storm
I'm almost convinced that the ship has
some sort of curse on it each week
brings us new trouble that I have to
deal with I'm not sure what we'll give
out first the ship or me ledger entry
number 16
Reyes tells me that it was some colossal
wave that did the ship in I was down
below and it all happened several of us
survived the raid the rest of them had
gone to try and figure out where the
hell we are as if any of that matters
ledger entry number 23 madness complete
bloody madness the captain has
disappeared into the desert somewhere
and the rest of us survivors are
convinced there's some sort of monster
after us I'm starting to think the
crewmen that died in the wreck got the
easy way out
lucky bastard letters ledger entry
number 42 all the rest of them are dead
now I'm the only one left strange to
form creatures attacked the wreck where
most of us were sleeping I managed to
get away safely but I don't imagine that
would be that way for long I can hear
them giggling in the shadows like this
is some kind of game first mate McMahon
there's also six weapons that may have
something to do with the Black Rock the
splintered or on it says from Kingsport
to cuirass we sail from loot going
discover we roam when the winds not
blowing we'll row our damned way home
the ctrader song Griswolds warned edge a
well-made sword worn down from countless
battles the symbol of the famous
blacksmith Griswold is etched into the
blade rockne shoes blade recognition
Lord of the Fallen drove his minions to
the frenzied battle that could have
could often be heard screaming his name
as they rushed headlong to their death
works original late once belonging to
disgruntled lad mean work this leg was
amputated after he suffered grievous
wound to the hand
demonic torturers near the town of
Tristan the quicker they drop it might
lose it so the spectrum this fantastical
blade is the physical manifestation of
uniform smile bright rainbow colors
shooting star wishes and teddy bear
giggles this is the ship where the where
it drops so now you know where to farm
the farm the ledgers from if you do find
all the ledgers and you think of a
theory that or you think of a theory
that can be tested then please feel free
to chime in or post comments I'd be very
curious I'm gonna leave a link to the
original post on the Diablo 3 forum
boards and also you can post on the
YouTube channel thanks for watching